1. Visual Studio is mostly used by corporate programmers to produce .NET code. 
VS incudes a code editor supporting IntelliSense as well as code refactoring.
The integrated debugger works both as a source-level debugger and a machine-level debugger.
Visual Studio supports different programming languages and allows the code editor and 
debugger to support nearly any programming language, provided a language-specific service exist.

2. Eclipse contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the
environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. With the exception
of a small run-time kernel, everything in Eclipse is a plug-in. The Eclipse software development kit, 
which includes the Java development tools is meant for Java developers. 
This IDE is free and open source software.

3. NetBeans is an integrated development environment for developing primarily with Java, but 
also with other languags. The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux,
Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM. The NetBeans Platform allows applications 
to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules. It is an open-source IDE.

4. Aptana Studio is an open source integrated development environment for building Ajax web 
applications. Based on Eclipse, it supports JavaScript, HTML, DOM and CSS with code-completion,
outlining, JavaScript debugging, error and warning notifications and integrated documentations.
Aptana uses a "dual licensing" model. Additional plug-ins allow Aptana Studio to support Ruby on Rails,
PHP, Python, Perl.

5. Code::Blocks is a free and open source, cross-platform IDE which supports multiple compilers 
including GCC, Clang and Visual C++. Using a plugin architecture, its capabilities and features are 
defined by the provided plugins. Currently Code::Blocks is oriented towards C, C++ and Fortran.
It has a custom build system and optional Make support.

