1. Java is a class-based and object-oriented computer programming language like C#. 
Java applications can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture. 
This language derives much of its syntax from C and C++.
 Since May 2007 in compliance with the specifications of the Java Community Process, 
Sun relicensed most of its Java technologies under the GNU(General Public License).

2. PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development.
PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various 
templating engines and web frameworks. PHP is free software released under the PHP License.
PHP generally runs on a web server and any PHP code in a requested file is executed by the PHP
runtime, usually to create dynamic web page content.

3. C# is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.
The language is intended for use in developing software components suitable 
for deployment in distributed environments. By design, C# is the programming language that most 
directly reflects the underlying Common Language Infrastructure (CLI). 

4. JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, 
whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate 
asynchronously and alter the document content that is displayed. JavaScript typically relies on a run-time
environment to provide objects and methods by which scripts can interact with the environment.

5. C++ is a general purpose programming language. It has impeartive, object-oriented and generic programming 
features, while also providing the facilities for low level memory manipulation. It is a compiled language, 
with implementations of it available on many platforms. It is designed mostly for systems programming, with 
performance, efficiency and flexibility of use, but has also found useful in many other contexts, including 
desktop applications, servers and entertainment software.


